I'm on call for a year. Yeah, so...
They can like call me like whenever to notify that.
I have to, like, attempt the journey. Yeah. So, hard to say.
For a year. Yeah. Like um like when I got my orientation.
Next year January
In 2026, I'm on call for, for that year, that whole year. Yeah.
For that case. Which would last anywhere from 6 months to a year. Yup.
pretty much yeah
Um...
Yeah, they do but um I already gave them like
my calendar, so they know when I will be back. Yeah.
So I, I probably just can't like
um create like new like travel itineraries.
otherwise I probably won't be able to refill that.
No, no, no, No. Yeah.
Yes.
Yeah.
Um...
I don't think so. We'll just have to let them know beforehand. Yeah.
If we gonna go somewhere. Yeah.
They might be able to accommodate but most times they might not be able to.
Yeah.
This really good bams.
No. Have you? Okay. How did you like it?
I understand. mmh.
Okay.
Oh, wow.
Which chef? Monet.
Oh, Monet! That's the...
Oh, the painter? Oh, okay.
That's good.
Are you visiting other like city?
I remember we all went on a walking street and someone was shaking his head.
Yes.
Okay. Yeah.
Yeah, I heard about Cannes.